# Reflection

In this assignment you've learned very basic HTML and CSS, the content and presentation layers of the web. Take this opportunity to think about how they might relate to your work as a historian. 

## Question 1 (150 words)
#### In Part 2, we explored the use of semantic elements such as `<header>`, `<article>`, and `<section>`. These elements make it easier for machines and non-visual browsers to navigate web pages. Why might this be important? (You might want to Google around a bit before answering!)
It is important for machines and non-visual browsers to use semantic elements such as <header> , <article> , and <section> because they offer universal spatial recognition that may otherwise vary by platform. These elements are important because they can serve different functions based on the information that is contained inside of them, which should be represented accordingly on a page for more effortless digestion and cohesion. A header at the top of the page would be important because it gives insight as how to navigate the rest of the page. Especially for accessibility purposes for non-visual browsers, information can still be interpreted the same way for those unable to use the visual aspect of a browser. These elements are also useful for search engines to provide better results with more related information. Lastly, using semantic elements helps to standarize information between developpers to allow them to work on projects together and find problems and improve overall clarity.


## Question 2 (150 words)
#### In your CSS work, you learned how to change the presentation of material on the web without changing the content. Using a pen and paper, a drawing program, or (if you're feeling ambitious) real HTML and CSS, mock up 2 very different presentations of the information you displayed in your post. Put images of them on the Internet somewhere (but not in this repository) and link to them here. Write a brief paragraph discussing the effect of the presentaiton layer on the reader.
https://drive.google.com/open?id=170_KNYUGAevCaqcOHTR5YDvc3TuDSfCN
https://drive.google.com/open?id=18XtlANht_jlx0IdxkYjjUCF4rDENgtSA
In Example 1, the presentation of the image creates an emphasis on the image and the text since they are the first things that would be seen visually by the user. Having the image and the text presented this way conveys that the argument, information and image are essential and what the page is predominantly about. Many encyclopedia articles are presented in this format. In Example 2, the layout features the sources just after the header and before the image and text. This would place emphasis on the sources for the entire page. Having the sources at the front would allow researchers to find more sources to delve deeper into their topic of choice while searching for keywords. It could also have links to other pages and information that would be used as background information in order to understand the content on the page. This context may be crucial understanding the writer’s argument featured in the following text. 
